1.    SQL
SQL (pronounced ‘sequel’) can be found far and wide in various flavors. Database technologies such as MySQL, PostgreSQL and Microsoft SQL Server power big businesses, small businesses, hospitals, banks, universities. Indeed, just about every computer and person with access to technology eventually touches something SQL. For instance, all Android phones and iPhones have access to a SQL database called SQLite and many mobile apps developed Google, Skype and DropBox use it directly.
    SQL is a language aimed for work with databases only, while C# is a general purpose language for writing multy platform applications.

2.    Java
The tech community recently celebrated the 20th anniversary of Java. It’s one of the most widely adopted programming languages, used by some 9 million developers and running on 7 billion devices worldwide. It’s also the programming language used to develop all native Android apps. Java’s popularity with developers is due to the fact that the language is grounded in readability and simplicity. Java has staying power since it has long-term compatibility, which makes sure older applications continue to work now into the future. It’s not going anywhere anytime soon and is used to power company websites like LinkedIn.com, Netflix.com and Amazon.com.
     Java is in a way simillar to C#. But C# is a wonderful, elegant and powerful language and Java was invented because too many bad developers found C++ jobs in the 90s.  

3.    JavaScript
JavaScript – not to be confused with Java – is another one of the world’s most popular and powerful programming languages, and is used to spice up web pages by making them interactive.In recent years JavaScript has also gained use as the foundation of Node.js, a server technology that among other things enables real-time communication.
     The main difference with C# is that C# (speaking about web) is executed on server and JS on client.

4.    C#
Dating from 2000, C# (pronounced C-sharp) is a relatively new programming language designed by Microsoft for a wide range of enterprise applications that run on the .NET Framework. An evolution of C and  C++, the C# language is simple, modern, type safe and object oriented.

5.    C++
C++ (pronounced C-plus-plus) is a general purpose object-oriented programming language based on the earlier ‘C’ language. It is the best language to learn for performance-critical applications such as “twitch” game development or audio/video processing.
    The main difference with C# is that it does not have CLR with automatic garbage collection, which makes it more error prone but at the same time with better performance.

6.    ArnoldC (Created by Lauri Hartikka)
ArnoldC is an imperative programming language where the basic keywords are replaced with quotes from different Schwarzenegger movies. Parsing is done with Parboiled and ASM is used to generate the Java bytecode.
  Main method:
  Every ArnoldC program must have a main method. The form is:

	IT'S SHOWTIME
	[statements]
	YOU HAVE BEEN TERMINATED

The simplest possible ArnoldC program that does nothing

	IT'S SHOWTIME
	YOU HAVE BEEN TERMINATED

All the arithmetic operations have the same precedence.

	Example a = (4 + b) * 2

	GET TO THE CHOPPER a
	HERE IS MY INVITATION 4
	GET UP b
	YOU'RE FIRED 2
	ENOUGH TALK

The statement TALK TO THE HAND is used to print strings or variables. Printing a string:

	TALK TO THE HAND "happy families are all alike"


